# Abstract
In this report we will look at how to use Voyant and RAWGraphs to extrapolate themes from large texts such as *Frankenstein* by Mary Shelly. Using the articles *Deformance and Interpretation* by Lisa Samuels and Jerome McGann and *Humanities Approaches to Graphical Display* by Johanna Drucker, we can prove how valuable simple text analyzation tools are to the deeper and more detailed analysis of large texts. The results found show that you are able to find a theme of *Frankenstein* by using Voyant to procure word associations and count unique word formations.

# Introduction
Everyone, at one point in their life or another, has had to write a paper extrapolating from a book or article they have read in class. The topic on which the paper has its focus, however, is unique to the text, writer, and person who is requiring the paper from the writer. This tends to lead into people finding meanings and important information differently than someone else who is tasked to write that same paper. Some people might take a small phrase from their reading and run with it, but then end up running out of references to back up their thesis. 

By using a tool like Voyant, you have the ability to visually see what words are used the most and where they are located within the text. This allows you to quickly find what you want to talk about and can feel confident that you will be able to back them up with enough proof to prove your point. To further back up your argument, you can also use other graphing tools like RAWGraphs to visualize the data in other ways. 

Using *Frankenstein* by Mary Shelley, we will be able to see how the larger themes of the book are able to be extrapolated using the text analyzing tool Voyant and their unique word counting and their frequency of proximity tools. The hypothesis of this paper is that at least one theme of the book *Frankenstein* will be clear when analyzed by the analytical tool Voyant and reinterpreted the data using RAWGraphs.